README.md, before:

<!--
*** Thanks for checking out this README Template. If you have a suggestion that would
*** make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request or simply open
*** an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->





<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/vleeuwenmenno/deezer-unofficial-client">
    <img src="wwwroot/img/logo-full.png" alt="Logo" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Deezer Community Client</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A client for Deezer with Discord rich presence
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/vleeuwenmenno/deezer-unofficial-client/releases">Download</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/vleeuwenmenno/deezer-unofficial-client/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/vleeuwenmenno/deezer-unofficial-client/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>


<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

I like sharing what music I listen. So I made this simple client that shares the music I currently play in Deezer. It stops sharing as soon as you pause your music or close the player.

### Libraries & resources used

* [Electron.NET](https://github.com/ElectronNET/Electron.NET)
Used as UI framework for Linux, this is an important part of this application.

* [Deezer](https://deezer.com/)
Where you get your music to play from.

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request


<!-- LICENSE -->
## License


I'm not responsible for banned accounts, missing files, thermonuclear war, 
or you getting fired because important business documents are missing.
YOU are choosing to use this software and pointing fingers at me or any
contributers of this project will bring you nowhere.

Distributed under the MIT License. Please see `LICENSE.md` for more information.

We are not affiliated, associated, authorized, endorsed by, or in any way officially connected with Microsoft, OneDrive, or any of its subsidiaries or its affiliates.<br /><br />The names Microsoft and OneDrive as well as related names, marks, emblems and images are registered trademarks of their respective owners.

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Menno van Leeuwen - menno@vleeuwen.me - [menno.vleeuwen.me](https://menno.vleeuwen.me)
Project Link: [https://github.com/vleeuwenmenno/deezer-unofficial-client](https://github.com/vleeuwenmenno/deezer-unofficial-client)

Commit message:

Basically forked from Braasileiro/DeezerRPC and upgraded/added a bunch of features

README.md, after:

<!--
*** Thanks for checking out this README Template. If you have a suggestion that would
*** make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request or simply open
*** an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/vleeuwenmenno/deezer-unofficial-client">
    <img src="wwwroot/img/logo-full.png" alt="Logo" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Deezer Community Client</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A client for Deezer with Discord rich presence
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/vleeuwenmenno/deezer-unofficial-client/releases">Download</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/vleeuwenmenno/deezer-unofficial-client/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/vleeuwenmenno/deezer-unofficial-client/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>


<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

I like sharing what music I listen. So I made this simple client that shares the music I currently play in Deezer. It stops sharing as soon as you pause your music or close the player.
Thanks to Braasileiro for the original version of the client!

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request


<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

This project is a fork from https://github.com/Braasileiro/DeezerRPC
It is licensed under the same license as the original: GNU General Public License v3.0
https://github.com/Braasileiro/DeezerRPC/blob/master/LICENSE

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Menno van Leeuwen - menno@vleeuwen.me - [menno.vleeuwen.me](https://menno.vleeuwen.me)
Project Link: [https://github.com/vleeuwenmenno/deezer-unofficial-client](https://github.com/vleeuwenmenno/deezer-unofficial-client)
